WRO-8481: Fixed `MarqueeDecorator` to restart animation properly with React 18 (#3075)
enactjs/enact: packages/ui/CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact ui module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `ui/Marquee.MarqueeDecorator` to restart animation properly when applied to item related components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ui/Marquee.MarqueeDecorator` to restart animation properly with React 18
```
